Oh hey, everybody welcome back to Boost
Your Income with Bootstrap to WordPress
this lecture is called Code
the Project Features Section.
[MUSIC]
Sorry about that.
All right everybody, welcome back
this is going to be an easy lecture.
It's just gonna be coding this
Final Project Feature section right here.
Very simple, just some text.
We're gonna use the same concepts
we've used in the past few lectures.
Just a few extra graphics here,
nothing crazy special.
But worth it, so let's do it.
Jump in your code editor, scroll down to
the PROJECT FEATURE section that you set
up here in your index.html file.
Let's do this,
we're gonna start off as usual.
Give that an ID of project-features.
We're gonna add a little
comment at the bottom here, so
we know where our section ends.
We're gonna give a div with a class of
container, why you should know why?
And inside here, we're gonna start off
with something a little bit different.
Usually, we will add a section
header as you could see up here.
Because the section header,
we have it styled so
that it's always text align center.
But the difference between this section,
the project feature section and
the other sections is the entire
section is text align center.
Not just the header, like up here.
We have everything text align center.
So instead of just having extra mark up,
and
have this be a section header,
why not even add the section header and
just have the whole project features
section be text align center.
No that's what we're going to do.
If you were curious.
So we are just gonna jump
right in to level two heading.
Final project features.
And below that, we're gonna have
a paragraph with a class of lead.
See what I did there?
I have a little plugin in my
coda to I want to show you.
I'm excited about this one.
Plugins, Emmet.
It's called Emmet.
And it let's you do
a bunch of code boosting,
I would think, I'd like to call it.
It kind of supercharges your coding,
your HTML on your CSS.
So you could just put abbreviations, and
you can expand them with just
a couple keyboard shortcuts.
So instead of me writing this out,
look at how long this is gonna take
[SOUND] too long, way too long.
What was that, five seconds?
Check this out, ready?
[SOUND] Oh, done.
See?
Cool, so paragraph class of lead.
See that?
Boom.
So in here,
we're just gonna add some text.
You should have the copy that I've
provided in the course files section,
should be in section D
under Miscellaneous.
Copydoc, you could just copy the text and
just paste it in.
So couple, basic formatting things
in here, like a strong tag and
an emphasis tag, you can go ahead and
play around with that yourself.
Again, the copy isn't the important
part of this course, it is
learning how to code, learning how to do
WordPress, and making money doing it.
Okay, here we go.
Next up, we have a div the class of row.
Watch this.
Row, boom.
Div the class of row.
And in here we're gonna have call,
small, four.
Do you see how fast that was?
That's amazing.
So I hope you're using quota too,
because then you can keep up with me.
I've had a lot of people be like whoa,
Brad, you're so fast.
I like it and hate it at the same time.
I think it's just my style.
I like coding fast.
I know you're trying to learn from me, and
if you're trying to keep up,
sorry about that.
But that's why you have a pause button.
And if you have Coda,
you could probably keep up with me.
So I'll try and slow certain things down,
but certain things I'm gonna be ruthless,
and I'm just gonna be as
fast as I possibly can.
And just make you sweat.
Cuz that's how I like to do it, row, boom.
Check this out, col boom,
small forward, done.
Look how much I just coded.
Sorry about that, I'm getting excited.
All right.
So inside your col small four,
you're gonna have an image source assets,
img/icon-design.png alt and
this will just be design.
And then a level three heading,
we're gonna say,
sexy ampersand Modern Design
why ampersand?
Why this HTML entity?
Because if you just put the actual
ampersand, it's not good coding practice
because sometimes your browser can't read
that and will just put some funky text.
So this encodes that to the HTML entity,
so it can read it properly.
If you don't fully understand why,
take my HTML TSS course, and
I tell you all about it.
All right, in this part is you
get to work with a modern,
professional quality
design ampersand layout.
All right, and
then that's the end of that column.
So now, all you're gonna have
to do is just copy this column.
Paste it a couple more times,
cuz we have 4, 8, 12 equals 12.
3, 4s is 12, and so
3 then means there's gonna be
technically 3 columns side by side.
And in here we're gonna
change this to icon code and
this one will say code instead
of design and then here,
I'm just gonna do some copying and
pasting to save me some typing.
Quality HTML5 and CSS3, and
then the text will be, you'll learn how
to hand-craft a stunning website with
valid, semantic and beautiful HTML5, CSS3.
Ain't that right?
And the last one will be,
easy to use CMS because we
are gonna be learning to
code a WordPress site.
Allow your clients to easily update their
websites by converting your static website
to dynamic websites using WordPress.
Cool.
Save that section,
check it out and your work.
Let's see here.
Final Project Features.
Hey, it's looking pretty close.
Let's look at the final site.
You see the difference?
It is centered.
So very easy.
Go to your CSS, and
here in your layout section.
Let's put it under your course features.
Let's go project-features
text align center.
And that's it.
Save it, check it out.
Boom, there it is.
All right.
Hang in there.
Don't go anywhere because
in the next lecture,
we're gonna jump right into the following
section, which is the course introduction.
Never mind about the broken video here.
We'll fix that with our little
semi-parallax background
here in the background.
All right.
See you there, friends.
[MUSIC]